Fix google docs (#159)
common-fate/docs: docs/approvals/sso/google.md

Under **Attributes** add a mapping with the following information

- For Google directory attributes, find `Primary email`
- For App attributes, enter: **`http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/05/identity/claims/emailaddress`**

![](/img/sso/google/attribute-mapping.png)

Leave **Group membership (optional)** empty.

Click **Finish** to create the application.

> We will need to make sure that the Google workspace users can access the App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Assign the SAML App to All Users

Before users can sign in using Google, they need to have access to the SAML app.

```
